WHAT IS COMIC PLUCKER?
----------------------
	comic-plucker is a perl script that will do the following: 

	1.) Fetch the content of a comic page (such as ucomics.com)
	2.) Extract all of the comic links from that "master" page
	3.) Fetch each comic link, and extract its daily strip image
	4.) Write that daily strip image to its own local comic page
	    $in HOME/.plucker/comics
	
	From there, you can point your favorite Plucker document
	conversion tool to ~/.plucker/comics/index.html and spider
	the comics into their own database.


WHO WROTE THIS SCRIPT?
----------------------
	It was written by me, David A. Desrosiers, a Perl hacker of
	sorts, long-time contributor to Plucker and related PalmOS
	projects.

	You can find me in several places on the web every day,
	including Perl Monks, irc, and various forums and mailing
	lists.


WHY DID YOU WRITE THIS?
-----------------------
	I didn't like the Python version because it required keeping
	a list of active comics up-to-date, and it was very slow,
	compared to the Perl version. 

	This version will always stay on top of the listed comics. If
	a comic is no longer available, it will not fetch it. The
	Python version required editing a local file of comics,
	images, and urls to make sure it remained current.

	It also acts a bit more stealthily than the Python version in
	that it tries to masquerade its UserAgent a little bit, to
	stay under the radar. Yes, the server side logs will show all
	hits from those random UserAgents coming from the same IP
	address, but it shouldn't be too noticable to log parsers.

	And I really wanted to use this rewrite of the Python version
	as a way to teach myself more about some screen-scraping
	ideas. This was fun.


WHAT FEATURES ARE MISSING?
--------------------------

	- Allow options to set starting comic page (ucomics, king,
	  etc.)

	- Fix final @Links when using Parallel::ForkManager

	- Allow individual comic selection (Sarge, Peanuts, etc.)

	- Strip spaces/dreck from filenames, alphanumerics only

	- Add a "purge" function to delete/archive older content

	- Better sorting of comics that start with "A <thing>" and
	  "The <thing>" so they aren't sorted by the word "A" or
	  "The"

	- Re-categorization in the final index.html based on letter
	  groupings or site

	- Image conversion to one single image format, using GD or
	  Perl::Magick

HOW DO I RUN THIS SCRIPT?
-------------------------

	To run this script, just execute it.. that's it! (of course,
	make sure you have all of the required modules first, many
	are in core, use CPAN to get the ones that are not:

		perl -MCPAN -e 'install "Module::Name"'

	So if you don't have the Parallel::ForkManager module for
	example, you would install it as follows:

		perl -MCPAN -e 'install "Parallel::ForkManager"'

