
NO WARRANTY - WARNING!
----------------------
This software is supplied free of charge under the terms of the GNU GPL;
see the file "COPYING" for details. BE WARNED that while I hope this 
software works properly, it comes with NO WARRANTY. Use it only if
you'll accept personal responsibility for the loss of all the data in
your pilot, should plucker fail.


INTRODUCTION
------------
This README talks about how to compile the viewer for Plucker, a free
(GPL) offline HTML reader for the Palm Computing Platform.


UPGRADE
-------
Please be aware that Plucker documents from pre-1.0 versions of Plucker 
won't work in this version.


TOOLS
-----
The source code requires the latest PalmOS5 SDK to compile, but the 
binary will also run on PalmOS 4.x, 3.x and PalmOS 2.0.3 devices. 

To support hardware specific devices like the Handera330 or the
Sony Clie, you will need the specific third-party SDK as well.

The Makefile only works with GNU's make.

Only prc-tools 2.x is supported, but it might be possible to build
it using Code Warrior, too.


LANGUAGE SUPPORT
----------------
See the file langs/TRANSLATING for adding support of other languages.


COMPILING
---------
There's nothing clever about compiling.

After running './configure' in the top directory you can either run 
'make palmos_client' from that directory or just enter the viewer directory 
and type 'make' to build the PRC files, i.e. if you are running a Linux 
system. It should work just fine on Unix systems using GNU's make. Other 
platforms would probably require some changes to the Makefile and scripts.

It is also possible to build the viewer in a separate build directory.

By including the DEBUG and DEBUG_LOG flags you can get debug info written
to a memo when running the viewer on a PalmOS device and to a file on the
desktop when running it in POSE by adding calls to the macros MSG and
MSG_IF. You can either change this manually in the Makefile, specify it
on the command line when running make or select --enable-debug-log when
running configure. The PLUCKERLOG environment variable can be used to
specify where the log info should be written when running the viewer in
POSE, otherwise it is written to POSE's log file.

When compiling without these flags all such calls are excluded from the
resulting binary.

The flag ERROR_CHECK_LEVEL decides if the ErrDisplay macros should be 
included or not. All development binaries are compiled with ERROR_CHECK_FULL, 
i.e. all macros are included. You can change this in the Makefile to either 
ERROR_CHECK_PARTIAL or ERROR_CHECK_NONE.

